Previously on Dexter...
You've met my mother. Prudence?
I am 84 years old.
I don't want to see it end
in a tiny room
surrounded by doctors.
These are good people.
But they're not my people.
"You are cordially invited
to a dinner party
for like-minded individuals. "
It's a dinner party
for serial killers.
Welcome to the freak show.
To new friends.
Before I leave this town.
she will be mine.
Congrats. Lowell.
You just made
the top of my list.
- Ryan.
- Don't suppose you know a spot
- that can fix this.
- I got you.
Do you recognize this man?
Am I a suspect?
You're not not a suspect.
She said the cleanup
of the suspected murder site
was impeccable.
Almost as if the culprit
was an expert.
Or learned from one.
Let me take that.
Let me carry it for you.
Lady Vengeance.
I'll answer any questions
for as long as you can keep up.
You only kill sexual predators.
It started out that way.
But between us.
I just enjoy killing.
911. What's your emergency?
There's a guy screaming next door.
I think some chick's
trying to murder him.
I heard her call herself
"Lady Vengeance. "
Once the lye burns holes
through your corneas.
you won't be able to see
what I'm about to do to you.
Hotel victim's watch.
- I fucked up.
- Our mutual friend
will make sure
that your time here
is as comfortable and short
as possible.
Thank you for getting
the cops off my back.
I have so many reasons to kill.
but you're my reason to live.
Stop.
There's something soothing
about sweeping.
The sound. the small sense
of accomplishment you get
chasing the dirt and grime away.
Hey. boss.
I'll. uh. tackle the trash cans
after this.
That won't be necessary today.
Everything okay?
No.
It's my mother.
She's passed.
It happened like she wanted.
In her sleep.
She wasn't in pain.
Oh.
Death comes for us all.
We're having a wake
for her this afternoon.
I'd be honored if you stop by.
Yeah. of course.
I'll rearrange my plans.
Hey.
Just got off my shift.
Are you on your way?
Sorry. buddy.
I'm gonna have to rain check.
There's been a death
in my landlord's family.
Okay.
Is a hoodie appropriate attire
for a wake?
No.
It is black.
You're a lifesaver.
You wouldn't believe
what people leave in hotels.
Those should fit.
You dressed up.
Yeah. it'd be strange
if you were and I wasn't.
Yeah. I appreciate it. but.
really. you don't have to come.
Dad. funerals are hard.
They're really hard
when you're alone.
You're talking about...
Hannah.
Never felt so alone
in my life after she died.
I'm sorry you had to
go through that by yourself.
Your grandpa taught me a trick.
Try again.
Okay.
The rabbit... hops over the log.
Your mother would be so proud.
Both of them.
The rabbit crawls under the log.
The rabbit runs around the log.
Twice 'cause he's trying
to outsmart the fox.
And the rabbit
dives through...
his rabbit hole.
Safe and sound.
I'm really glad you came back.
Losing you a second time
was. uh... rough.
Not going anywhere again.
Promise.
You should know. the. uh.
woman who passed. Prudence.
the family was really close.
They're devastated.
Yeah. Dad. I think I know
what to expect from a funeral.
I just want to prepare you.
Brace yourself
for a lot of sadness.
Dexter!
So sad.
Uh. Joy. this is my son
Harrison. Harrison. Joy.
Great to meet you.
Thanks for coming. Dexter.
And how's that gunshot wound?
Oh. I know all about your dad's
nasty hunting accident.
Joy's been helping me
with pain management.
She does acupuncture.
You tried alternative medicine?
I was skeptical at first.
but it actually works.
Dads. Am I right?
But really. my dad will be
thrilled you both are here.
Oh. hey. That's Chike.
He survived an attack from the
Dark Passenger. The other one.
Hey. The ear looks good.
Turns out. ladies love a scar.
Grab that door for me. Dex?
Yeah. Sure. That's. uh.
Sam. Joy's fiancé.
Aw. you're the best.
How long have you known them?
Uh... couple of weeks.
Okay. I've been in New York
for over three months.
I- I know. like. three people.
Dexter!
I'm so glad that you are here.
I'm sorry for your loss.
My mother lived
a beautiful life.
and this is a celebration
of that life.
This is a day to honor her
and rejoice in her memory.
To be grateful for all
the people in her life
that she loved.
You must be Harrison.
Yes. Nice to meet you.
I'm. uh. I'm sorry.
I hope it's all right
that I tagged along.
Are you kidding?
Nothing would've made
my mother happier
than knowing
you two are back together.
You're welcome to stay
with your dad.
but all the kids
are in the kitchen.
My daughter. Joy. uh.
will show you around.
Yeah. Sure.
If you want to pay your
respects. she's through there.
I've been around so
many dead bodies.
but I haven't been to one
of these since Rita.
Oh. what. are you squeamish
around dead bodies?
Sometimes.
Red. Open up.
Yes?
Red's MIA. too.
Understood.
Now. don't hold back.
I want your honest opinion.
Sam's trying to perfect
the recipe for ideal gut health.
That... packs a punch.
Trust me. your intestinal
microbiota will thank you later.
Launching your own business.
That's impressive.
It's actually his fourth.
Sam's a budding entrepreneur.
He's starting an MBA program
this fall.
Joy's my number one cheerleader.
But what about you. Harrison?
Are you in college?
Uh. no. um... I just got my GED.
Uh. right now I work
at The Empire Hotel.
Oh. fancy.
No. I'm-I'm just a bellman.
Still figuring out
what I want to do.
Y- You have plenty of time
to decide.
Being an adult is the worst.
Yeah. Totally.
Time for cats.
As many of you know.
my mother-in-law adored cats.
But Blessing was allergic.
so she just channeled
all of that love
into collecting.
So. we're asking everyone today
to choose a cat to bring home.
as a reminder of who
Prudence was to you.
And also.
there are so many that it's
bordering a hoarder situation.
I'd like to kick this off
by inviting
her oldest friend. Mariama.
Go ahead and choose a cat.
At our age.
we forget everything.
Half the time.
I forget what I forgot.
But Prudence
never forgot a birthday.
No matter what was happening
in my life or hers.
she was always
the first to call.
And she'd say.
"I'm so lucky you were born. "
Prudence came into my life after
I'd lost my wife to cancer.
She told me. "Marvin.
second chances are for taking.
It doesn't matter how they come
or if they're deserved.
You take them. "
Dexter? Choose a cat.
If this were a dog.
it'd be barking at me.
I'm gonna miss. um...
I got nothing.
...her food.
Uh...
I didn't know Prudence long.
but she told me...
...all she wanted
was to be surrounded by
people she loved.
who knew her
for who she really was.
Thank you for that
beautiful tribute.
Thanks for the cat.
Mother...
She gave me life.
She saved my life. and...
Hello?
I'm outside your building.
Did they figure out
where I live?
Who I really am?
Prater must be calling me
from Red's apartment.
I'm not at home.
That's okay. I can wait.
When will you be back?
Never.
Actually. I haven't been back
there since Charley broke in.
I prioritize my anonymity.
You figured out my home. my job.
so I left both.
You can see why I didn't leave
a forwarding address.
I would expect nothing less
from the elusive Dark Passenger.
I was going to offer you a ride.
but I trust you can find
your own way.
My place. ASAP.
Trying love
Suspended and looking to fly
Trying now
Breaking an open sky
Hi.
Thanks.
Trying love
Suspended and looking to fly
Trying now
Breaking an open sky...
Hey.
Harrison. hey. I...
I'm sorry to bother you.
it's just.
I'm scheduled to work
a double tonight.
and my mom came down
with the flu. and I was just
wondering if there's
any chance y-
Of course. I-I can watch Dante.
Are you sure?
Yeah. Yeah. I'd be happy to.
Thank you. You're a lifesaver.
It was after work.
I was sitting alone at the bar.
She- Mia-
walked over and offered
to buy me a bourbon.
She approached you?
Trust me.
I was as surprised as you.
If it's not obvious. I'm not
usually a hit with the ladies.
So why were you not suspicious?
It all happened so fast
that I didn't really have time
to doubt it.
We finished our drinks.
then she invited me
to her place for a nightcap.
Of course I said yes.
What happened when you. uh.
went inside the apartment?
She kissed me.
Told me to take off my clothes.
offered me some wine.
I said no and she...
Well. I don't really know
what happened.
and that must have been
when she knocked me out.
Had you made advances
to Ms. LaPierre when she...
struck you?
Had you tried
to initiate intercourse?
All I tried to initiate
was conversation.
And after you regained
consciousness?
When I woke up.
I was gagged. undressed.
tied to some BDSM torture device
straight out of
Christian Grey's Red Room.
There was a table of. um...
I don't know. tools laid out.
How was her demeanor?
Psycho.
Was she angry? Excited?
No. She was as cool
as a fucking cucumber.
Smiling as she said that she
was gonna pour lye in my eyes.
How I'd be her first...
Kill.
- ... in New York.
- Wait.
Her first kill in the city?
- Uh-huh.
- Are you certain
she said those precise words?
Certain as shit.
She acted... I don't know...
...gleeful about it.
Did Ms. LaPierre
mention anything
about chopping
your body into pieces?
Was that supposed to happen?
The details of his account
do not match what occurred
to Ryan Foster.
What we suspect occurred.
Mr. Foster was killed
in a moment of passion.
In his own hotel room.
Marc was lured
to Mia's residence
where she planned
to calmly torture him.
Those methods
are vastly different.
Perhaps Mia's plan
was to bring Ryan to her place.
but something went wrong.
she had to improvise.
so she hit him
with a toilet tank lid.
They're not that different.
Marc was hit
with a blunt instrument. too.
One time.
So maybe Ryan
didn't go down so easily.
None of Mia's
other known victims
were chopped into pieces.
Dismembering Ryan could have
been a last-minute decision.
She fucked up.
She had to clean up her mess.
Or she's evolving as a killer.
trying something new.
Lady Vengeance is known
for attacking sexual predators.
but Marc has no history of that.
So. clearly. Mia's open
to changing her MO.
We did not even find a bone saw
amongst her torture devices.
No. but we did find
Ryan Foster's watch.
What about what she said
about Marc
being her "first kill
in New York"?
He could've misunderstood.
Marc said he was certain.
Yeah. Marc also sustained
blunt force trauma.
And trauma trauma.
I don't think we should take
his account as gospel.
What about the watch?
If Mia didn't kill Ryan Foster.
how the hell would she have it?
I do not know.
Detectives. you got a minute?
Got something
I want to run by you.
I don't think Mia LaPierre
killed Ryan Foster.
You got the wrong person.
We just talked through this.
Continue. Captain.
As I told you before.
the Foster case reminded me
of a serial killer from Miami.
A person I worked with.
The Bay Harbor Butcher.
James Doakes?
Not exactly.
I mean. James Doakes
was named by the FBI
as the Bay Harbor Butcher.
But this last year.
I've learned new information
that makes me suspect
a different coworker
from back then.
A forensic analyst
for Miami Metro.
Dexter Morgan.
Now. when I heard the details
of Ryan Foster's body being
chopped up into nine pieces.
exactly the MO
of the Bay Harbor Butcher.
I had a hunch that it was
the work of the real killer.
So you think this old
coworker killed Ryan Foster?
Uh. no. Um... he...
Dexter was in a coma
at the time of Ryan's death.
- What?
- In a clinic upstate.
Captain. I must inform you.
at this point.
you are not making any sense.
Dexter has a son.
A young man by the name
of Harrison Morgan.
- He's a bellman at-
- I'm familiar
with Harrison Morgan.
I believe Harrison Morgan
killed Ryan Foster
using methods taught to him
by his father.
And then Dexter Morgan
planted Ryan's watch
in Mia LaPierre's rental to
frame her and exonerate his son.
How would this Dexter Morgan
even find Lady Vengeance
to make this whole
elaborate plan possible?
Simple.
The Bay Harbor Butcher was known
for hunting down and killing
other serial killers.
But he didn't kill her.
Um. right. but-
What is it that you want.
Captain Batista?
I know you're on the list
to talk to Mia LaPierre
after the FBI.
Yeah. us and a dozen
other homicide units
from across the country.
The line is long.
Yeah. Let me tag along.
All I need to do is show Mia
Dexter's photo.
And if she recognizes him.
I'll know I'm on to something.
We all have that one case
that haunts us.
The one we can't let go of
until we get it right.
The Bay Harbor Butcher
is that case for me.
We have an appointment with
Ms. LaPierre in the morning.
You may come along
and bring your photograph.
Oh! Nobody told me
James Bond was gonna be here.
You clean up good. Red.
Uh. Prater called me
in the middle of a bike tour
of Central Park. It's...
I didn't have time to change.
That's why I'm sweaty.
Any clue what's so urgent?
Isn't it obvious?
Shame what happened
to Mamma Mia. Arrested.
Breaks my heart.
Everything is going to be fine. boys.
What happened to Mia
is unfortunate.
But it won't prevent us
from enjoying
the rest of our time together.
Gimlets. anyone?
I'd like to know what
measures you're taking
to ensure our safety.
Hey. wh-where's. uh.
where's Lowell?
We are unable to locate him.
The fuck does that mean?
He's cut off communication.
Charley's looking into it.
She's going to be
looking for a while.
Well. do we know that Lowell
wasn't arrested. too?
It was no secret
that Mia hated him.
Maybe she ratted him out.
Maybe he got spooked
and skipped town.
Well. Lowell's
no shrinking violet.
Hell. I live here.
This makes me think
about leaving.
Exactly. I. for one.
do not trust her
to keep her mouth shut.
What do you mean by that?
I am at the top of the FBI's
Most Wanted list. Al.
Thank you.
Mia could trade on my notoriety
to make a deal.
Someone's full of himself.
She wouldn't do that.
We promised not to turn
on each other.
Okay. no offense. but. uh.
Rapunzel hasn't exactly
entered into the cultural
zeitgeist the same way
that Gemini has.
There are four
Gemini bestsellers.
Fincher's making a Gemini movie.
They're talking to one of
the Culkins about playing me.
Offering up my name is
a one-way ticket to immunity.
I mean. really?
Guess I didn't think of that.
Need I remind you gentlemen
that I have connections at every
level of law enforcement.
including the FBI.
If Mia talks.
I'll know before anyone.
I don't think Mia
would do anything
to jeopardize
the rest of the group.
If you're stupid enough
to get caught.
you're stupid enough to snitch.
She knew the rules.
She's the one who told me.
Knowing the rules
and adhering to them are
two very different things.
This is why girls shouldn't be
allowed in the group.
Maybe Gareth is right.
So much for "like-minded individuals. "
As long as Mia's in custody.
none of us are safe.
Not even you. It's time
for extreme measures.
I'll be taking extreme measures
with you. Mr. Zeitgeist.
Prater promised
this was a safe space.
I don't doubt he's
a man of his word. Do you?
I'm glad we could clear that up.
Now. in the meantime.
I thought a little extra
spending money
might ease this stressful time.
By next meeting. I promise.
everything will be
back to normal.
He needs the line bad.
Here comes Gelato.
right over the top there
as they race towards the line.
And Gelato's gonna
get him on the peg.
Aw. come on!
Come on. man!
God! Come on!
Hey. Need a friend?
He definitely fits the Code.
A father and his teenage son.
"I Can't Hear You"
by The Dead Weather playing
I can't hear you
You're talking to yourself
And what you're used to
Don't work on no one else
I'm gonna teach you
And keep you for myself
I'm gonna take you
by the hand
I'm gonna walk you
to my house
So I can hear you
Look up. say so
Naive. be so naive
You're stashing money
And rubies up your sleeve
I'm gonna teach you
You're never gonna leave
I'm gonna
make you understand
Gareth came to the bookstore
with a bookmark?
There's nobody
you can trust but me
I can't hear you
You're talking to yourself
And what you're used to
Don't work on no one else
I'm gonna teach you...
Oh. Gareth.
Checking out the competition.
I'm gonna take you
by the hand
I'm gonna walk you
to my house
I wanna hear you
The ego on this guy.
A message for when
and where to meet someone?
What's the point
of all this spycraft?
Who's he meeting
that requires a dead drop
like he's in some Cold War
espionage movie?
An accomplice? A victim?
Well. whoever it is won't
be getting the message.
Did I make it into
the Mount Rushmore
of serial killers. too?
"Mission-oriented killer"?
Damn straight.
"Despite his
bloodthirsty moniker.
the Bay Harbor Butcher
was anything but ruthless
in identifying his victims.
A modern-day avenging angel. "
Mom.
You wouldn't believe
what I had to do today.
I owe you big-time.
Stefan added extra shifts
'cause of the gala crowd.
If I work two more.
I'll complete my hours
for the program early.
That's great.
I- I was thinking of.
uh. applying myself.
Oh. you're. uh. you're serious?
Hey. maybe. Maybe.
It's just. um...
You sure a career in customer
service is right for you?
Um. I'm not sure of anything...
except that I'm gonna
smoke Dante
in indoor basketball tonight.
I'm definitely gonna win.
Homework first. then ball.
There's pasta on the stove.
And he needs his nebulizer
before bed.
Still? The asthma's not better?
Shit. I-I didn't even tell you.
We found black mold
in his bedroom closet.
That's what's been causing
the flare-up.
So put him to bed in my room.
We can't get into his
until the problem's remediated.
- When's that?
- Who knows?
The landlord's
ignoring my calls.
That's messed up.
Yeah. well.
I emailed him yesterday
to say I'm not paying rent
till he gets someone out here.
so hopefully that'll light
a fire under his ass.
Maybe you could just move.
If only that were an option.
You need first and last month's
rent and a security deposit.
I can't afford to move.
Right. Sorry.
Plus this is
a rent-controlled apartment.
Can't give that up.
So we're just... stuck here.
praying the landlord
eventually does his job.
He shouldn't be able
to do that-
I got to go
or I'm gonna be late.
- Yeah.
- Uh. text me
if something comes up.
Love you. little man.
Love you. Mama.
Oh. man.
Shit.
Need some help there. Sam?
Oh. yeah. thanks.
- Got it?
- Yeah. here.
Great.
Man.
Hey. what's this?
Why'd you buy so many?
There's still a lot
of people here.
I thought we might need more.
There's no room in
the freezer for all this.
It's going to melt everywhere!
- I was trying to help.
- By flooding my kitchen?
My freezer's empty.
I'm happy to store this-
No! I told him one bag of ice.
He needs to fix it.
I can't trust anyone
to do anything!
It's okay. I got this.
Hello.
Gareth. Hey.
Welcome to my abode.
Why did you take my note. Red?
It's embarrassing.
I'll just come out and say it.
I'm a fan.
I've been a little starstruck in
the group settings. and I was...
trying to find an excuse to get
to know you better.
I thought... if we bumped
into each other. maybe...
I should have anticipated this.
The beheading?
So derivative. Go ahead.
Thanks.
I suspected my influence
on your work. of course.
Just didn't want
to embarrass you.
That's cool of you.
Hey. would you like
a gin and tonic?
I'd love a G and T.
This has happened before
in the group. you know?
It's my cross to bear.
Gemini's an icon
in the industry.
You don't have to tell me.
When you're the smartest person
in every room.
you get used to the attention.
These gatherings of Prater's
started as a way to get to me.
I thought he liked
bringing people together.
That's just his spiel.
Has he asked you
for a special trophy yet?
Mm-mm.
Hmm. He pays me double
for preview photos.
The moment before the kill.
When they know.
Ask Prater to show you
the most recent snapshot.
A father and his teenage son.
It's some of my best work yet.
One question.
Who was the note for?
Me.
Is it some kind
of Zodiac homage?
A way of leaving clues
for people to decipher later?
The Zodiac was an amateur.
Huh. I figured you were a fan.
Yeah. 'cause of all
the astrological...
Didn't you coin the name
Gemini yourself?
The name chose me.
Had nothing to do
with anyone else.
Indulge me with
one more question.
Why kill in pairs?
This is my gift.
They say that we enter
this life alone
and that's how we leave it.
But to die together.
that's the ultimate bond.
That father never loved his son
more than in the moment before.
Wow.
You really are smart.
Number one in college.
number one in Mensa.
number one in grad school.
and now number one
on the FBI's serial killer list.
For now.
You. Red.
are a number two at best.
To meeting your heroes.
Who's number one now?
You got no chance.
I'm double your size. Oh!
All right. lucky shot.
Hey. hey. hey. buddy.
Hey. let's sit. We're gonna.
we're gonna take a break. Okay?
We're...
um. you're gonna be okay.
I- I'm gonna get the machine.
I'm gonna get the machine. Okay.
All right. You're good.
you're good. you're good.
Let's sit forward for me. Okay.
Okay. There. Okay?
Just breathe.
"Your ninja have fallen.
Shredder!"
"So I see.
They were good men. My best. "
"I see. too. that they
have left their mark. "
Good night. buddy.
Elsa here?
Oh. she's at work.
Uh. who are you?
She's late on the rent.
I ain't running a charity here.
Yeah. well. she's not gonna pay
until you fix the mold
in Dante's room.
And who the fuck are you?
Her boyfriend?
You living here. too?
No. no. I'm just a friend.
Well. I ain't fixing shit
for a tenant
that don't pay their rent.
Come on. man. She's-she's just
worried about her kid.
She's so worried. she can move.
Well. that's not fair.
All she needs is for you
to do your job
and get rid of the mold.
I'll get to it when I get to it.
Yeah. well. that's not
fucking good enough!
There's a kid here.
he's getting really sick.
He just had another
asthma attack tonight.
You want to be responsible
for him getting worse?
She sounds like a bad mom to me.
Doesn't pay her rent.
doesn't take care of her kid.
Tell her to start taking
some goddamn respons...
My fucking eye!
You motherfucker!
What did you do?!
You little fuck!
Are you fucking slow
or something?
You tell Elsa to pay her rent
or I'll take other measures.
¿Comprende?
Goddamn lowlifes.
Sounds like they're
having fun up there.
I'm having fun down here. too.
Now. this is a view
I'm comfortable with.
Red. Red?
- Red?
- You know what?
I don't need to hear any more
from Gareth tonight.
You're welcome.
FBI's Most Wanted list.
Dexter?
Can we talk?
Just a minute.
Oh. shit.
Sorry. Was in the john.
Did you come down for more ice?
I came to apologize.
I feel terrible
for snapping at you.
I was cruel.
It's fine. Your mother died.
Of course you're not yourself.
Yes. but... it's more than that.
My mother was more than...
...the things she did for me.
She was my North Star.
Have you ever had someone
like that?
When I say my mother
saved my life...
...I meant it.
I try not to talk about this...
...try not to even think
about it. but today...
...it's impossible.
When I was a child.
I was a soldier in the
Revolutionary United Front.
I didn't want to be.
Men came to my house one night.
I was beaten. given drugs...
...forced to do
unspeakable things.
I even killed one person.
Can you imagine?
God. no.
But my story was not unique.
There were hundreds of other
childrens across Sierra Leone
who had the same story.
But those other children...
didn't have a Prudence.
Mother searched for me.
found and rescued me
on my birthday.
Then she brought me
to the United States of America
to start over.
I didn't think I deserved it.
For the longest time.
I fought it.
But somehow...
...she pulled me back together.
I had no idea.
How can I survive
without her strength?
Her guidance?
I don't know...
...how to go on.
How did you do it before?
What did she tell you?
She told me to leave
the past behind me.
Only move forward.
And to never...
ever bring the darkness...
...into my home.
You must keep it separate
to survive.
Always.
I need to be more careful.
Keep this world separate
from Harrison.
I think the day has gotten
to me. My head...
Do you have any Advil?
In the medicine cabinet.
Okay.
I can grab it.
What kind of shoddy landlord
set this curtain up?
All fixed.
I apologize for unloading
the ugliness
of my childhood on you.
I hope I haven't scared you.
Nope.
You're a good
and gentle person. Dexter.
Tell that to the dead
man in my bathtub.
Thank you for listening.
I'd better go back up.
I like your new friend Blessing.
He's smart.
Especially the part
where he said
he needed his parent
for strength and guidance.
Yeah.
Seems like we both had parents
who saw their children
for who they were...
helped them become
the best versions of themselves.
Now you have that opportunity
with Harrison.
I certainly know
what he doesn't need.
Time to figure out what he does.
Everything okay?
It happened again.
I- I was. I was just
trying to help Elsa.
talk some sense
into her asshole landlord.
and-and he wouldn't listen.
and... I...
What?
I- I saw it.
Me killing him.
Just like with Ryan.
Did you?
No.
But in my head. I did.
It felt... real.
Natural.
I don't know what
I'm doing. where...
what I'm even good for.
and I-I...
Stop.
Don't go backwards.
Did you want to hurt him?
Yes.
You had an impulse.
You denied it.
What that really was. was
the need to do the right thing.
You know who that sounds like?
Your Aunt Deb.
She also had a strong sense
of right and wrong
and a hot temper.
There's nothing wrong with you.
No. I'm-I'm nothing like Deb.
She-she wasn't a fuckup.
Oh. Deb made mistakes.
Big ones.
But she never let those mistakes
stop her from doing good.
Helping others do good. too.
Just because you have
a hot temper
doesn't mean you're a monster.
It makes you human.
I don't know.
I do.
You're going to take that Morgan
sense of justice
and use it...
to make things better.
Find your own path.
I'll be here to help you.
Second chances are for taking.
Yes?
Prater's got a surprise for you.
What kind of surprise?
The kind that's a surprise.
Be at Pier 6 in two hours.
Bring your trophies
and your tools.
All right. now.
I wouldn't get your hopes up.
So far. Lady Vengeance
has stonewalled the FBI
and every other
visiting officer.
She's. uh. one tough cookie.
I'm confident
she'll be interested
in what I have to say.
Maybe.
So far. she's not talking.
Well. my guess is.
I'm the only one here
hoping to clear her of a charge.
Stay here.
- Shit.
- I am not staying here.
Get her down. quick.
Easy. easy.
Sorry. ma'am.
She's gone. Warden.
I'm sorry. sir.
The serial killer known
as Lady Vengeance
was found dead in
her prison cell this morning.
Her death ruled
suicide by hanging.
Looks like the men of New York
can sleep safe tonight.
Coming up next. we have...
Mia is dead.
Would she really
take her own life?
Or maybe they took Gemini's
warning to heart and handled it.
silenced her before she could
implicate Prater and the group.
Is this what they mean
by fight or flight?
If those bastards
had Mia killed.
they won't hesitate
to do the same to you.
Hey! We're going
on a whirlybird!
Woo-hoo!
I thought this would be
a nice change of pace.
Just waiting on Gareth.
Lowell is gone. Mia is dead.
and Gareth is nine piles of ash
in my favorite furnace.
I show up. and suddenly
these serial killers
start dropping like flies.
They're gonna realize it's me.
After you.
You're not afraid of flying.
are you. Red?
Sir. we have clearance
from Control.
Any word?
Give us two minutes.
"Blood Makes Noise"
by Suzanne Vega playing
Who the hell is this?
I'd like to help you. Doctor.
yes. I really. really would
But the din in my head
It's too much.
and it's no good
I'm standing
in a windy tunnel
Shouting through the roar
And I'd like to
give the information
You're asking for
But blood makes noise
It's a ringing in my ear...
Holy shit. Gemini.
How did I not see this coming?
- Ah.
- I'm here.
The details and the facts
But there's something
in my blood
Denies the memory
of the acts...
We can go now.
Up. up and away.
After the silence
has returned
'Cause blood makes noise
The Gemini Killers.
Twins.
Fuck me.